HeatSync Labs
============

Liability Waiver
================

Release of Liability
--------------------
In relation to participating in the activities of HeatSync Labs, I agree to
the following waiver and release:

ASSUMPTION OF RISK:
-------------------
I acknowledge that inherent risks, dangers and hazards and such exist when
using power tools commonly used in electronics construction, fabrication,
software design and other technology related activities. Participation in such
activities and/or the use of equipment associated with technology design,
manufacture and experimentation may result in injury, illness, death or damage
to personal property. These risks and dangers may be caused by other
participants, members or by accidents, acts of nature or other causes. Risks
and dangers may arise from foreseeable or unforeseeable causes including, but
not limited to electrocution, burns, impalement, injury from slips or falls,
etc.

RELEASE OF LIABILITY
--------------------
The member fully assumes all risks associated with participation in events and
exempts and releases HeatSync Labs, its members, officers, agents, board
members, from action whatsoever arising out of any damage, loss or injury to
the participant or the participant’s property while upon the premises or using
any equipment of the organization or while participating in any of the
activities contemplated by this agreement whether such loss, damage, or injury
results from the negligence of the corporation, its members, agents, or from
some other cause.

COVENANT NOT TO SUE
-------------------
The participant agrees never to institute any suit or action at law otherwise
against HeatSync Labs, its members, officers, board members, agents, nor to
initiate or any way assist the prosecution of any claim for damages or course
of action which the member, member’s heirs, executors or administrators
hereafter may have by reason of injury to the person of the member or to the
participant’s property arising from the activities contemplated by this
agreement.

THIRD PARTY INDEMNIFICATION
---------------------------
The member will indemnify, save and hold harmless HeatSync Labs, its members,
officers, board members, or agents from any and all losses, claims, actions,
or proceedings of every kind and character which may be presented or initiated
by any other persons or organizations and which arise directly or indirectly
from the actions of the member while engaged in the activities contemplated by
this agreement. I hereby acknowledge that I have CAREFULLY read all of the
provisions above, fully understand the terms and conditions expressed there,
and do freely choose acceptance of the provisions of the foregoing paragraphs
relating to assumption of risk, release of liability, covenant not to sue, and
third party indemnification.

MINORS
------
I hereby state that I am the parent/guardian of _______________________ , that
I consent for them to participate in the above activities, and I hereby
execute this waiver and release on their behalf. I state that they are
physically and mentally able to safely participate in above activities. I
hereby indemnify and hold above persons and entities free and harmless from
any loss, liability, damage, cost or expense which may incur as a result of
the death, injury, or damage that said minor may sustain while participating
in above activities.


Signature _____________________________


Printed Name _____________________________ Date _______________
HeatSync Labs 07/2011

